(Episode 17)
Are the reporters here?
They've all arrived.
Are all
the photo journalists here too?
Yes.
Just a second. Do you have
that thing by any chance?
What is it called?
The thing that makes you tear up.
Tear stick?
That's it.
(Hae Kwang Law Firm)
I'm sorry I'm late. I had to visit
Ms. Yoo's father at the hospital.
Is her father ill?
Yes, he's in the last stage
of pancreatic cancer.
He collapsed as soon as he heard
about Do Hak Young getting released.
As you're all aware,
he's the only suspect
in Ms. Yoo's murder case.
Even I can't understand why they'd
investigate it as a non-detention.
Think about how
the bereaved must be feeling.
I heard that the prosecution
thinks...
that it could've been an accident,
not homicide.
No defense wounds or signs
of homicide have been found.
You think the lack of defense wounds
means it may not have been homicide?
Many homicide cases with no
defense wounds have been reported.
It's called "blitz attack".
In case of such sudden attacks,
there can't be any defense wounds.
Then do you think it's possible
for the culprit to have made...
the drawing on the floor
with blood in 13 minutes?
It's hard.
I've tried simulating the situation,
and it was hard.
But you know what, Mr. Bong?
What sounds less likely?
Making that drawing with blood
on the floor in 13 minutes?
Or that drawing automatically
appearing with nobody around?
This investigation was obviously
not done properly.
I know what will happen
when people lose interest in it.
The prosecution will decide
not to indict him.
To make sure that the killer
pays for what he did,
all of you must continue
to show your interest in the case...
and urge the prosecution
to investigate it properly.
When did you get home?
Gosh, he's so worn out
from staying up all night.
Jae Chan, go into your room.
Jae Chan.
Mr. Choi, Do Hak Young...
Stop using your phone.
It's Yu Beom, isn't it?
Jae Chan, let's go to your room.
Jae Chan, let's go.
Stop it.
Darn it. He's so heavy.
Gosh, who is it at this hour?
Who's here?
Who's ringing the doorbell at 3am?
Jae Chan, it's Hong Joo.
What? Who?
Hong Joo,
why are you here this late...
Hong Joo!
Where is Jae Chan's room?
It's over there.
Hey, where is Hong Joo?
She went into your room.
What's going on?
- Hong Joo, what are you doing?
- My gosh...
What should I do?
Gosh, I don't know what to do.
Did something happen?
Why are you being like this?
Jae Chan.
What should we do? What are we
going to do, Jae Chan?
In my dream,
you...
You...
I saw you bleeding...
from an injury, a serious one.
What should we do?
What should we do now?
It's all right. It's okay.
Do everything you can...
to avoid getting
into a situation like that, okay?
Don't wear suits. You were
wearing a suit when you got hurt.
And never cross the street
at any crosswalk.
No, you should just never see me.
You were coming to meet me...
You were on your way to meet me
when that happened.
So from now on, we should...
I don't want to do that.
I'm a prosecutor.
I have to wear suits.
And I look great in suits.
Also, are you saying that I should
jaywalk all the time?
That's crazy.
And you want me to avoid you?
That's really crazy.
We won't be able to prevent it
with those sneaky tricks.
You're well aware of that.
Tell me about your dream in detail.
I want to know why it happened.
Let's go over every detail so that
we can find out the reason.
Only then, we'll be able
to prevent it. Aren't I right?
I was standing in front
of a crosswalk.
I could see lanterns behind you.
You were standing amongst
a crowd of people.
Then a man dressed in all black
approached you.
This time,
it's my turn to keep you safe.
Will I be able to do it?
Don't worry.
What you saw in your dream
will never happen.
Please.
Don't get hurt.
Okay.
I like you.
Gosh,
why are you all being like this?
You guys are making me feel as if
I'm actually going to die.
Let's eat, okay?
Eat your breakfast.
Eat up.
Who stabbed him?
Did you see the person's face?
No, I couldn't.
One thing I know for certain...
is that he must be
connected to Do Hak Young.
To Hak Young? Why do you think that?
My dream changed
after he got released.
In the first dream I had, he crossed
the street without any problems.
But in the dream I had on the day
Do Hak Young got released,
Jae Chan couldn't finish crossing
the street and fainted...
even though it was the same place
and situation.
Something must've changed
because of Do Hak Young's release.
Yes, sir. Why are you calling me
this early?
The news?
The prosecution released
the only suspect...
in the Yoo Su Kyung murder case
due to lack of evidence...
and stated that the case will be
investigated as a non-detention.
Even with the CCTV footage,
the prosecution decided to release
the prime suspect of the case.
It looks like controversy
and criticism will be unavoidable.
Mr. Do was convicted of assault
and theft as well in the past.
If they release him
due to lack of evidence,
he may commit
additional crimes in the future,
which means there will be
other victims.
The prosecution will have to take
responsibility for it.
Do Hak Young has a criminal record?
For assault and theft?
That theft charge...
He stole g.o.d's autograph
from a snack place.
He wanted to put it up
at his mom's gimbap restaurant.
He stole an autograph?
Is that considered theft?
Yes, he learned it the hard way.
Then the snack place owner
caused a scene...
at his mom's restaurant,
and he tried to stop him.
That's why he ended up
with the assault charge.
It happened over 10 years ago.
Jae Chan, your personal information
is all over the internet already.
People are saying you didn't
investigate properly.
(Ilyoo Middle School, Donggang
High School, Hankook University)
(Prosecutors are so pathetic.
Is his brother okay?)
I don't know who stabbed Jae Chan
in my dream,
but I can guess.
It must be someone
who is outraged by the news.
- How can the suspect be released?
- The prosecution is an accomplice.
It's the people's order.
It could be a fan
who's grief-stricken...
at losing his beloved star.
Hey, isn't that man Do Hak Young?
You know.
The guy who killed Yoo Su Kyung
and made a drawing with her blood.
It could be someone
who has to tolerate...
people's unfair rage toward him.
What should we do, honey?
What if he gets acquitted?
I'll feel horrible for Su Kyung.
What should we do?
It could also be someone...
who can't punish anybody
for his beloved daughter's death.
What's for certain is that...
in order to prevent the horrible
things that happened in my dream,
we must prevent the rage due to
misunderstanding from growing...
and this wrath from becoming a sharp
knife ready to stab its victim.
What should we do now?
We must change the flow of time.
Honey...
(Episode 17: The Usual Suspect)
You call that an article?
Do you even know anything
about Do Hak Young's theft charge?
He stole g.o.d's autograph
from a snack place,
and it happened 11 years ago.
So what? Is stealing money
the only kind of theft?
Do you know how valuable g.o.d's
autographs were 11 years ago?
That is undeniably theft!
What does that have to do
with the Yoo Su Kyung case?
Did he kill her because she
refused to give him her autograph?
My goodness. People will think
that you're my supervisor.
Be glad that you're my supervisor.
If I had more seniority than you...
Hong Joo.
She must have lost her mind.
(Reporters' Office)
Hello? Did you get to work safely?
Yes, I'm almost there.
Everything's okay, right?
Yes, nothing has happened.
I heard that the Hangang District
Prosecutors' Office...
is surrounded by protesters
at the moment.
They all know your face, so you
should use the rear entrance...
or disguise yourself.
Gosh, I've done nothing wrong.
They can come at me all they want.
I'm totally confident,
whether it's fighting or arguing.
Okay, don't worry.
Darn it.
Prosecutor Jung.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, Mr. Lee.
Hello. Good morning.
- High five.
- Okay.
- How can the suspect be released?
- The prosecution is an accomplice.
- It's the people's order.
- Mr. Jung.
Detain Do Hak Young!
- You need help.
- It's the people's order.
- Detain Do Hak Young.
- Why are you...
- Just put it on.
Will this make you unrecognizable?
No, they'll recognize you.
Take this off.
Take it off.
If they catch you, just tell them
that you're Lee Ji Kwang. Got it?
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
Hey, if you want to thank me,
don't forget about arranging
that blind date.
All right.
Let's go.
Follow me.
The prosecution is an accomplice.
- How can the suspect be released?
- The prosecution is an accomplice.
It's the people's order.
- Detain Do Hak Young!
- Wait!
Isn't that Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan?
What? Where?
- Run!
- Okay.
- Get him.
- How could you do that?
Gosh, I'm not Jung Jae Chan.
Look at this picture.
I look nothing like him.
You look just like the photo.
Say something!
Why on earth did you release
Do Hak Young?
Listen. I didn't release him.
What are you talking about?
You're lying.
It's illegal to protest within 100m
of government offices!
- Shut it!
- Why did you release Do Hak Young?
If you lay a finger on me,
you'll be arrested for
obstructing justice.
Prosecutor Jung!
Do you see the guy over there
with glasses and popped collars?
That tall guy. He's Jung Jae Chan!
- What?
- Stop lying to our faces.
Catch the corrupt prosecutor!
- Get him!
- You jerk!
Mr. Choi.
I called security guards,
so he'll be fine.
If you go there now,
you'll get in deep trouble.
But still, Mr. Lee is...
Just ditch him.
You won't be able to help him
even if you go there.
Gosh! Do you see the two men over
there? The ones that are talking.
The one on the left
is his senior assisting officer.
Jung Jae Chan is the one
on the right.
- What's he saying?
- How dare you lie to us?
I'm Jung Jae Chan at the Hangang
District Prosecutors' Office!
What's that nonsense about?
- You need to be taught a lesson!
- How could you do such a thing?
Prosecutor Jung! Jung Jae Chan!
Corrupt prosecutors
must leave the prosecution!
He's over there!
Bring Yoo Su Kyung back to life!
Hey, did you watch the news?
That psycho, Do Hak Young,
was even convicted
of assault and theft in the past.
Why did that prosecutor
release that psycho?
There are only
two plausible explanations.
He's either totally incompetent,
or he was bribed.
About that stupid prosecutor...
Isn't he Seung Won's brother?
Yes, that's right!
He used to brag so much about
his brother who's a prosecutor.
It has to be him, Jung Jae Chan.
Gosh, this is crazy.
Let's talk in the chatroom now.
If he records our conversation
and gives it to his brother,
we'll be put behind bars.
Don't worry. We'll be let go.
I mean, doesn't his brother
release all criminals?
(That's true.)
What are you guys doing now?
Did you guys start
a new chatroom without me?
[Kocowa Ver] E17 While You Were Sleeping "The Usual Suspect"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why on earth did they think
that you were him?
I mean, you look...
nothing like Mr. Jung.
They said they caught me
because they heard...
that Mr. Jung is handsome.
It's all because I'm handsome.
Apparently, being handsome
is a sin. I'm a big sinner.
Does that make any sense to you?
My goodness.
It certainly makes no sense.
They're stopping all men in suits,
assuming they're prosecutors.
Be careful, okay?
- Let's go.
- All right.
Where are you guys going without me?
Are you heading out for lunch?
- Mr. Lee!
- Close the door.
Hit the close button.
It's dangerous out there. You
should refrain from going outside...
- and eat at the cafeteria.
- Wait!
Sir. Sir, wait. Hold on...
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Oh, Mr. Choi! Mr. Choi.
Yes?
Would you like to have lunch
with me?
Okay, sure.
Let's go.
- Let go of this.
- Come on.
The Do Hak Young case
will be finalized soon.
What are you thinking?
Have you made up your mind?
Mr. Choi, what should I do?
Why? Are you scared that people will
criticize you if he's not indicted?
I'm a human too.
Of course I'm scared...
Actually, I am not scared.
I will indict him
if he's deemed guilty,
but I will not indict him if I think
he's innocent. I'll go by the rules.
Why are you being like this
all of a sudden?
Oh, Lawyer Lee. Hello.
You should indict him if you want
to go by the rules.
You're a prosecutor.
Shouldn't you put the victim first?
Let the accused's lawyer
worry about him.
If the prosecutor sides
with the accused,
who will take the victim's side?
Since when prosecutors' job
was taking sides?
My goodness, please.
You two bicker at each other
every single time you meet.
Lawyer Lee, what brings you here
by the way?
You remember Hyun Woo
from the Yeonju office, right?
- He was our assisting officer.
- Of course. I know him very well...
Right, he texted me a few days ago
and told me he's getting married.
That's today.
I came to get you
in case you forgot.
Oh, really? I should go with you.
Mr. Choi, you're supposed
to have lunch with me.
What can I do? I have to attend
the wedding. I'll eat there.
- Wait.
- Why are you acting like a kid?
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Mr. Choi.
Well... Hang on! Hang on a second.
Lawyer Lee, just a second, okay?
All right, Mr. Jung. Can you lend me
50 dollars if you have cash on you?
Just take some cash out on your way.
I don't want to pay ATM fees.
I'll lend you money. Let's go.
Okay.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
My, it's such a beautiful day.
What did Jae Chan say?
Will he indict Do Hak Young or not?
How would I know?
It's not like I can go into his head
and figure out what he thinks.
My gosh, this car is amazing.
Do you happen to know
a man named Han Woo Tak?
It looks like he and Jae Chan
are very close.
I did some research...
and found out that he and
Do Hak Young used to be roommates.
Lawyer Lee, you're not trying to
connect the three together, right?
Their friendship has nothing
to do with the case.
Gosh, of course not.
I know how upright and clean
Jae Chan is in that regard.
I am worried though.
If reporters or the victim's family
hear about it,
they'll think differently.
If Jae Chan lets Do Hak Young go,
people will assume that it's because
they're acquainted.
Lawyer Lee.
So, you need to persuade Jae Chan
to indict him.
A person died.
How can he be acquitted?
I don't care whether he has to...
manipulate the report or fabricate
evidence. He must indict him.
Please persuade him.
If you don't, I'll tell reporters
about Han Woo Tak right away.
That will put Mr. Jung in jeopardy.
That's precisely why
I'm asking you for help.
I don't want to see
Jae Chan getting jeopardized.
(Do's Gimbap)
The man who stabbed Jae Chan
in your dream.
Tell me what he looked like.
I'm not too sure because
I only saw him from behind.
I think he was about 180cm tall.
He was wearing all black,
and he had a black hat on too.
This just isn't coming off!
(Psychopath murderer,
Your son is a junkie.)
You dummy.
Paint won't come off
if you just rub on it.
You need to wipe it with this.
You're such a show-off.
You know everything, don't you?
Anyway, I'm relieved...
that you got released.
It doesn't make any difference.
Everyone is still harassing me,
calling me a murderer.
(Murderer)
I knew you'd do this.
I heard you almost got in trouble
with the protesters. What's this?
How can you wear a suit again
after what happened yesterday?
Hey, Seung Won.
You should've talked him out of it.
Well, I was...
Go get changed. Right now!
Yes, ma'am.
Jae Chan, there's a hoodie
in my room.
Gosh, Mr. Park will probably
scold me if I show up like this.
Goodness.
You can get changed
when you get to work.
And getting scolded is much better
than getting attacked.
Gosh, let go!
When will the Do Hak Young case
be finalized?
I should decide what to do after
interviewing the witness today.
I can't justify dragging it out.
Can't you just indict him?
I think that's the only way
we can make sure you'll be okay.
No, never mind. I wasn't
being serious. Forget what I said.
- How can the suspect be released?
- The prosecution is an accomplice.
It's the people's order.
Detain Do Hak Young.
- It's the people's order.
- Detain Do Hak Young.
How can the suspect be released?
The prosecution is an accomplice.
- How can the suspect be released?
- The prosecution is an accomplice.
- It's the people's...
- Look!
Isn't he Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan?
No, you got the wrong person.
- Stop right there!
- It must be him!
- Get him!
- Hold on!
- Gosh, wait.
- You're Jung Jae Chan, right?
You are Jung Jae Chan!
Gosh, you got the wrong person!
Don't lie. Why are you disguised
like this if you're not him?
- What are you even saying?
- Gosh!
- Don't let him get away!
- Have some pity!
- Move out of my way.
- Stop!
- Help!
- You piece of...
Even more people came out
for the protest today. Did you see?
Yes. Mr. Jung is in huge trouble.
At this rate, he'll end up
with a million enemies in no time.
There's one right here.
Gosh, stop it.
Do you want to get me fired or what?
My gosh.
Mr. Jung, you're wearing...
Well, I had a bit of a situation.
I'll get changed quickly.
My gosh, we've only seen him
in suits. That style is...
How refreshing.
The fact that there's
such a good-looking prosecutor...
delights me.
Don't you feel the same way?
He's so cute.
You said he's the type
girls get sick of quickly.
He's the type you want to see until
you get sick of him.
Excuse me. Where's
Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan's office?
Oh, why do you need to see
Prosecutor Jung?
I'm here for an interview with him.
I'm Kim Song Ja.
Oh, you worked at Ms. Yoo's place
as a housekeeper, right?
Yes, that's right.
Good. Please follow me.
Prosecutor Jung will be here soon,
so just wait in the office.
Okay.
Who is she?
You know her.
She's the first person to witness
Yoo Su Kyung's body.
Oh, I'm getting it.
- She must be the prime suspect.
- No, she's just a witness.
Oh, I see. She's just a witness.
("The Prosecution Will Not Be
Able to Avoid Criticism")
(Republic of Korea Court of Law)
(Reporter Bong Du Hyun)
(9,783 comments)
Du Hyun,
about the story you wrote...
The one that criticizes
the prosecution.
People have posted
over 9,000 comments already.
Congratulations. What's your secret?
Gosh, are you really
going to keep that up?
(I'm too scared to even step
out of the house.)
Do they think that being able
to type is something to brag about?
Does being a netizen mean...
that they can reveal
someone's personal information?
I can understand
Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan.
He's trashy himself. How can he
punish another piece of trash?
Trash?
These little...
You can be sued for defamation for
writing such a malicious comment.
That doesn't scare me at all.
I say that because he'll investigate
the case poorly and let me go.
Do you have evidence
that he didn't investigate properly?
Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan,
you can't be doing this here.
He must have a lot of time.
Get some work done
if you have time to post comments.
These cockroaches.
I want to break their fingers.
(Sort by date, number of likes)
(The blood pattern at the scene
reminds me of a photo.)
What's this?
"The blood pattern at the scene..."
"reminds me of a photo"?
Du Hyun!
You need to see this.
What now?
(Episode 18 will air shortly.)